Welcome to interview a question of her for her work and if they do a rescue I'll So that's going to
be a little different than the previous questions.
Now we're actually going to consider tables and we're going to want you to write a query.
So consider the two tables below we have a table called employees and a table called managers.
Let's first look at the Employees table.
We have three columns.
The first is an ID column just the numeric ID.
The second one is the name column both first and last name are there and then we have a managed by column
and we can see here that the managed by column has an ID number that's reflected to the primary key
of the manager's ID column.
So basically what that means is if you're an employee such as Mark Smith and you're managed by number
one then you can use the manager's table to realize that number one you're being managed by Zach Allen.
Hopefully that makes sense as far as how that foreign key managed by its link to the primary ID of managers.
So you can basically connect the employees to their managers.
And the question Is writes a query that retrieves all employees that are managed by Sandy.
Kim All right.
Best of luck and I will see you at the next lecture when we go over the solution.